
Copyright (C) 2015 Cobham Gaisler
All Rights Reserved


TSIM License Agreement
======================

USE OF SOFTWARE INDICATES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THE TERMS OF THIS
AGREEMENT, IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL THESE TERMS DO NOT INSTALL OR USE
THE SOFTWARE, AND RETURN THE SOFTWARE TO THE LOCATION OF PURCHASE FOR A
REFUND. This is a legal agreement governing use of the software program
provided to you ("Licensee") by Cobham Gaisler. The term "SOFTWARE" also
includes related documentation (whether in print or electronic form) and
any updates or upgrades of the SOFTWARE provided by Cobham Gaisler, but
does not include certain software licensed by third party licensors and
made available to you by Cobham Gaisler under the terms of such third
party licensor's license (including software licensed under the General
Public License (GPL)). If Licensee has been granted an Evaluation
License, then some of the following terms and conditions may not apply,
refer to the sections entitled Evaluation License

Evaluation License
------------------
If Licensee has obtained the SOFTWARE pursuant to an evaluation license,
then, in addition to all other terms and conditions, the following
restrictions apply: (a) The license to the SOFTWARE terminates after 21
days (unless otherwise agreed to in writing by Cobham Gaisler); and (b)
Licensee may use the SOFTWARE only for the sole purpose of internal
testing and evaluation to determine whether Licensee wishes to license
the SOFTWARE on a commercial basis. Licensee shall not use the SOFTWARE
for any commercial purpose. If Licensee breaches any of the foregoing
restrictions, then Licensee shall pay to Cobham Gaisler a license fee
equal to Cobham Gaisler's standard license fee for the commercial
version of the SOFTWARE.

License
-------
Cobham Gaisler grants to Licensee a non-exclusive right to install the
SOFTWARE and to use or authorize use of the SOFTWARE by up to the number
of nodes for which Licensee has a license and for which Licensee has the
security key(s) or authorization code(s) provided by Cobham Gaisler or
its agents. If Licensee has obtained the SOFTWARE under a node-locked
license, then a "node" refers to a specific machine, and the SOFTWARE
may be installed only on the number of "nodes" or machines authorized,
must be used only on the machine(s) on which it is installed, and may be
accessed only by users who are physically present at that node or
machine. A node-locked license may only be used by one user at a time
running one instance of the software at a time. If Licensee has obtained
the SOFTWARE under a "floating" license, then a "node" refers to a
concurrent user or session, and the SOFTWARE may be used concurrently by
up to the number of users or sessions indicated. All SOFTWARE must be
used within the country for which the systems were licensed and at
Licensee's Site (contained within a one kilometre radius); however, if
Licensee has a floating license then remote use is permitted by
employees who work at the site but are temporarily telecommuting to that
same site from less than 100 kilometres away (for example, an employee
who works at a home office on occasion), but the maximum number of
concurrent sessions or nodes still applies. In addition, Cobham Gaisler
grants to Licensee a non-exclusive license to copy and distribute
internally the documentation portion of the SOFTWARE in support of its
license to use the program portion of the SOFTWARE. For purposes of this
Agreement the "Licensee's Site" means the location of the server on
which the SOFTWARE resides, or when a server is not required, the
location of the client computer for which the license was issued.

Copy Restrictions
-----------------
This SOFTWARE is protected by international treaty provisions and
Licensee may copy the SOFTWARE only as follows: (i) to directly support
authorized use under the license, and (ii) in order to make a copy of
the SOFTWARE for backup purposes. Copies must include all copyright and
trademark notices.

Use Restrictions
----------------
This SOFTWARE is licensed to Licensee for internal use only. Licensee
shall not (and shall not allow any third party to): (i) decompile,
disassemble, reverse engineer or attempt to reconstruct, identify or
discover any source code, underlying ideas, underlying user interface
techniques or algorithms of the SOFTWARE by any means whatever, or
disclose any of the foregoing; (ii) provide, lease, lend, or use the
SOFTWARE for timesharing or service bureau purposes, on an application
service provider basis, or otherwise circumvent the internal use
restrictions; (iii) modify, incorporate into or with other software, or
create a derivative work of any part of the SOFTWARE; (iv) disclose the
results of any benchmarking of the SOFTWARE, or use such results for its
own competing software development activities, without the prior written
permission of Cobham Gaisler; or (v) attempt to circumvent any user
limits, or other license, timing or use restrictions that are built into
the SOFTWARE.

Ownership of the SOFTWARE
-------------------------
Cobham Gaisler retains all right, title, and interest in the SOFTWARE
(including all copies), and all worldwide intellectual property rights
therein. Cobham Gaisler reserves all rights not expressly granted to
Licensee. This License is not a sale of the original SOFTWARE or of any
copy.

Termination
-----------
Cobham Gaisler may terminate this Agreement immediately if Licensee
breaches any provision, including without limitation, failure by
Licensee to implement the Security measures set forth above. Upon notice
of termination by Cobham Gaisler, all rights granted to Licensee under
this Agreement will immediately terminate, and Licensee shall cease
using the SOFTWARE and return or destroy all copies (and partial copies)
of the SOFTWARE and documentation.

Limited Warranty and Disclaimer
-------------------------------
Cobham Gaisler warrants that the program portion of the SOFTWARE will
perform substantially in accordance with the accompanying documentation
for a period of 90 days from the date of receipt. Cobham Gaisler's
entire liability and Licensee's exclusive remedy for a breach of the
preceding limited warranty shall be, at Cobham Gaisler's option, either
(a) return of the license fee, or (b) providing a fix, patch,
work-around, or replacement of the SOFTWARE that does not meet such
limited warranty. In either case, Licensee must return the SOFTWARE to
Cobham Gaisler with a copy of the purchase receipt or similar
document. Replacements are warranted for the remainder of the original
warranty period or 30 days, whichever is longer. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET
FORTH ABOVE, NO OTHER WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS, EITHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED,
STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, ARE MADE BY COBHAM GAISLER WITH RESPECT TO THE
SOFTWARE AND THE ACCOMPANYING DOCUMENTATION, AND COBHAM GAISLER
EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS NOT EXPRESSLY STATED
HEREIN, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR
CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, NONINFRINGEMENT, AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. COBHAM GAISLER DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS
CONTAINED IN THE SOFTWARE WILL MEET LICENSEE'S REQUIREMENTS, BE
UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE, OR THAT ALL DEFECTS IN THE PROGRAM WILL BE
CORRECTED. Licensee assumes the entire risk as to the results and
performance of the SOFTWARE.

Limitation of Liability
-----------------------
IN NO EVENT SHALL COBHAM GAISLER OR THEIR AGENTS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER
(INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS,
BUSINESS INTERRUPTIONS, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, OR OTHER PECUNIARY
LOSS) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE, EVEN
IF COBHAM GAISLER HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES. FURTHER, IN NO EVENT SHALL COBHAM GAISLER BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF LICENSEE'S USE OF THE SOFTWARE. In no
event will Cobham Gaisler or its licensors be liable to Licensee for
damages in an amount greater than the fees paid for the use of the
SOFTWARE.

Intellectual Property Right Infringement
----------------------------------------
If a claim alleging infringement of an intellectual property right
arises concerning the SOFTWARE (including but not limited to patent,
trade secret, copyright or trademark rights), Cobham Gaisler in its sole
discretion may elect to defend or settle such claim, and/or terminate
this Agreement and all rights to use the SOFTWARE, and require the
return or destruction of the SOFTWARE, with a refund of the fees paid
for use of the SOFTWARE less a reasonable allowance for use and
shipping.

Miscellaneous
-------------
This Agreement is the entire agreement between Licensee and Cobham
Gaisler with respect to the license to the SOFTWARE, and supersedes any
previous oral or written communications or documents (including, if you
are obtaining an update, any agreement that may have been included with
the initial version of the Software). This Agreement is governed by the
laws of Sweden. If any provision, or portion thereof, of this Agreement
is found to be invalid or unenforceable, it will be enforced to the
extent permissible and the remainder of this Agreement will remain in
full force and effect. Failure to prosecute a party's rights with
respect to a default hereunder will not constitute a waiver of the right
to enforce rights with respect to the same or any other breach.
